Docs: Reviewed the React integration guide (#12164)
ckeditor/ckeditor5: docs/installation/frameworks/react.md

class App extends Component {
	render() {
		return (
			<div className="App">
				<CKEditorContext context={ Context }>
					<h2>Using the CKeditor 5 context feature in React</h2>
					<CKEditor
						editor={ ClassicEditor }
						config={ {
							plugins: [ Paragraph, Bold, Italic, Essentials ],
							toolbar: [ 'bold', 'italic' ]
						} }
						data="<p>Hello from the first editor working with the context!</p>"
						onReady={ editor => {
							// You can store the "editor" and use when it is needed.
							console.log( 'Editor1 is ready to use!', editor );
						} }
					/>

					<CKEditor
						editor={ ClassicEditor }
						config={ {
							plugins: [ Paragraph, Bold, Italic, Essentials ],
							toolbar: [ 'bold', 'italic' ]
						} }
						data="<p>Hello from the first editor working with the context!</p>"
						onReady={ editor => {
							// You can store the "editor" and use when it is needed.
							console.log( 'Editor1 is ready to use!', editor );
						} }
					/>
				</CKEditorContext>
			</div>
		);
	}
}
```

### Context feature properties

The `CKEditorContext` component supports the following properties:

> * `context` (required) &ndash; {@link module:core/context~Context The CKEditor 5 context class}.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `context` (required) &ndash; The CKEditor 5 {@link module:core/context~Context context class}.
```

* `onReady` &ndash; A function called when the context is ready and all editors inside were initialized with the `context` instance. This callback is also called after the reinitialization of the component if an error has occurred.
* `onError` &ndash; A function called when the context has crashed during the initialization or during the runtime. It receives two arguments: the error instance and the error details.
    Error details is an object that contains two properties:
    * `{String} phase`: `'initialization'|'runtime'` &ndash; Informs when the error has occurred (during the editor or context initialization, or after the initialization).
     * `{Boolean} willContextRestart` &ndash; When `true`, it means that the context component will restart itself.

<info-box>
	An example build that exposes both context and classic editor can be found in the [CKEditor 5 collaboration sample](https://github.com/ckeditor/ckeditor5-collaboration-samples/blob/master/real-time-collaboration-comments-outside-of-editor-for-react).
</info-box>

## Watchdog and context watchdog

> {@link features/watchdog Watchdog features} are built into CKEditor 5 React components, and shouldn't be imported and integrated manually.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{@link features/watchdog Watchdog features} are built into CKEditor 5 React components, and should not be imported and integrated manually.
```
